updated client contract tutorial with new text (#2056)
filecoin-project/filecoin-docs: content/en/smart-contracts/developing-contracts/client-contract-tutorial/index.md

## Workflows

Before we get started, [checkout the different storage deal workflows]() to better understand how data is stored with storage providers.

> If you are interested in getting your deals verified with FIL+, and recieving datacap, checkout the [docs on FIL Plus](https://docs.filecoin.io/basics/how-storage-works/filecoin-plus/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are interested in getting your deals verified with FIL+ and receiving datacap, checkout the [docs on FIL+]({{< relref "storage-provider/filecoin-deals/verified-deals/" >}}).
```

    --remove-unsealed-copy true \
```

Parameters such as the `collateral` and `price-per-epoch` are set to `0`. On mainnet, these would be determined by storage providers, but since this is on the Calibration testnet, the storage providers should pick up the jobs even with these parameters set to `0`. 

> If you have a verified deal with data cap, be sure to set the "verified-deal" parameter to "true".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a verified deal with data cap, be sure to set the `verified-deal` parameter to `true`.
```

### Storage provider picks up the job

Now if you’ve invoked the task with all the correct parameters, the method will execute on-chain and emit an event that Boost storage providers will be listening to. If the deal is well-formed and the parameters are acceptable, they will download the .car file, double-check to ensure the `piece-cid` and `piece-size` match the deal and publish your storage deal! This could take up to a day. Once the deal is published, you can find it on a [Calibration testnet block explorer]({{< relref "/networks/calibration/explorers" >}}). The client in the deal should be the `t4` address of the smart contract we called `MakeStorageDeal` on.

### Check Deal Status on Chain

You can check the status of the deal by running the [get-deal-status](https://github.com/filecoin-project/fevm-hardhat-kit/blob/main/tasks/deal-client/get-deal-status) task in the hardhat starter kit. To do run this command in your terminal:

> `yarn hardhat get-deal-status --pieceCid 
> baga6ea4seaqktvwmaowt3ghzpxyyyah7zhv2smjoqmgh6ax4zlqdwr6il73jsli`

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```shell
yarn hardhat get-deal-status --pieceCid 
baga6ea4seaqktvwmaowt3ghzpxyyyah7zhv2smjoqmgh6ax4zlqdwr6il73jsli
```
````

> replacing the piece cid above with on you want to lookup. The deal can be in one of the following statuses:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to replace the piece CID above with the one you want to lookup. The deal can be in one of the following statuses:
```
